---
layout: post
title: I am not @bitcoin
---

There has been speculation since Bitcoin Cash forked from BTC that I am the person behind the [@bitcoin](https://twitter.com/bitcoin) Twitter account. The speculation has taken two forms: a) I am the owner of the account myself or b) I am operating the account for Roger Ver or someone else.

Since the account [appears to have been sold](https://coinspice.io/news/midnight-massacre-bitcoin-twitter-account-trading-hands-deleted-tweets-new-link-mystery/) recently and I have been the subject of increased speculation on Twitter and by private email, I’d like to address this gossip because selling accounts is against the Twitter TOS and I don’t know what effect a mass report mob could have on my account. 

First, I am not the owner of @bitcoin and have never been the owner of @bitcoin. While I can’t prove a negative, I don’t think those speculating have proven the positive. In fact, most of the speculation is asserted without evidence. What evidence there is says that the @bitcoin account seems to  have “shared my writing far too often." But this is not really evidence at all! My articles on Bitcoin in 2018 had over 120,000 views and many regular readers share most everything I write. Does that mean I’m secretly behind all of them too? Of course not. The account also didn't start sharing my writing until maybe 6-months after the fork, which would suggest the real owner didn't know about me for a long time. I can only guess why the @bitcoin account, prior to its change in ownership, shared my writing so frequently.  I’m happy the previous long-time owner was a reader, but I have never met him/her nor have I ever communicated with him/her. 

Second, if I had been the owner and wanted to sell it, I could have sold it to any number of a handful of wealthy investors or companies who shared my views about Bitcoin. I would NOT have sold it to the elementary school troll who now runs the account and has been deleting, among other things, posts the account made referencing me, and who appears to know next to nothing about Bitcoin or its history. I have not changed my opinions about what happened to Bitcoin to derail it from its original intent and wouldn’t aid and abet its current handlers.

Third, I have never operated the @bitcoin account on behalf of others. I’m not employed by Roger Ver and have never been employed by him, and to the best of my knowledge he has *nothing* to do with the @bitcoin account anyways. The irony that is ignored in the speculation about me being paid to run the account and promote Bitcoin Cash is that the account has *clearly* been sold and is now attacking Bitcoin Cash, yet the speculators are oddly quiet about that particular form of “paid shilling.” Is it only interesting to speculate if the person in question disagrees with them? 

Last, people who do know the real previous owner have long-said that the person was a [2009-era](https://www.reddit.com/r/btc/comments/csfa1m/there_is_something_going_on_with_bitcoin_twitter/exek784/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web2x) Bitcoiner. Obviously this makes sense. The @bitcoin handle is quite old, and indeed older than my own Twitter account by two years! And while you might call me an "early" Bitcoiner, I was not around in 2009...or was I??? No, if the timing doesn't fit, you must acquit.

I am sure that many will still claim it was me because they have an idealogical or personal axe to grind, but I hope this puts the speculation to rest for most normal people. I am not @bitcoin.
